# CS_MiniPortfolio
A couple of Computer Science projects that I've worked on implementing (code excerpts) via Eclipse IDE.

I) The first project, PK (short for PARKEI) is an amusement park system designed using object-oriented programming principles. This was an individual project in my Computer Programming Lab course. It includes various packages for (super/sub)classes of numerous types of rides, amusement park visitors (a.k.a amusers), pools and exceptions. The project was implemented using Java. Detailed documentation is included within the code. Two test files and a small post-project task code are included in corresponding packages. You can run the Private and Public test files in the test package as Junit tests on Eclipse IDE (after adding JUnit 4 to build path, to do so: right-click on project -> Build Path -> Configure Build Path -> select Libraries tab -> Add Library... -> JUnit -> Select JUnit 4 as your JUnit Library version).

II) The second project, SANTORINI, was an implementation of the classical board game as a local multiplayer computer game. 
Santorini is a two player strategy board game where each player aims climbing a tower of 3 tiles. The board is a standard 5 x 5 chessboard. The game starts with each player having 2 pieces placed on the board. The 2 players alternate at moving their pieces in one of 2 lines of action: vertically and horizontally, or diagonally. After moving a piece, a player should place a tile next to the new location of the just moved piece. Pieces can jump on tiles that do not exceed their current level by more than 1. The player who succeeds in bringing one of their pieces on top of a 3 tiles tower wins. This was a group project where I have worked with 2 other students. We have worked together on the logical design and game engine implementation. However, for the GUI, I have worked on 85-90% of it by myself. Rather than remaining traditional, we've decided to be more creative by adding a theme to our board game. The visuals, sfx and music were all centered around Batman and the Joker. I have worked on the GUI design and implementation of JPanels, JLabels, JButtons, text fields and other constituents, and adding images/music (all of which belong to Warner Brothers Entertainment, Rocksteady, Netherrealm and DC Comics) to add more to the simple board game. To start the game, kindly open LauncherWindow.java in the GUI package of the game, then run this file as a Java Application. This project also includes a Public Test file which can be run as a JUnit test after adding JUnit 4 to build path (if confused about how to add JUnit 4 to build path, please follow sequence of steps mentioned between parentheses in I). 

